I’ve been meaning to sit down and write for a while now, but there’s been so much on my mind that I haven’t had the energy to put it into words. The past few weeks have been a whirlwind, and I can’t seem to make sense of it all. I feel like I’m being pulled in so many different directions, and I’m not sure where to go from here.

It’s about Chris. I never expected to get so attached, but here I am, thinking about him more than I should. We’ve known each other for a few months now, and I thought it would stay casual. I didn’t want to fall into anything serious—my career is just starting to take off, and I’ve been focused on my goals. But somehow, without even realizing it, I’ve let him in. And now I’m not sure what to do with these feelings I have for him.

The first time I met Chris, I honestly didn’t think much of him. We were introduced through a mutual friend at a dinner party, and he seemed nice, but nothing special. It wasn’t until we spent more time together that I realized there was something more to him than I first thought. There’s something about the way he listens to me, the way he makes me feel heard. Not many people can do that. I’ve dated guys before, but I’ve never felt the kind of connection I feel with Chris. He has this effortless way of making me feel comfortable, of making me laugh even when I’m having the worst day. But at the same time, there’s this uncertainty I can’t shake.

I’ve been trying to understand what it is I’m feeling, but it’s hard to put into words. There’s part of me that’s drawn to him, wanting to get closer, but another part that’s holding me back. I’ve been burned before, and I don’t want to make the same mistakes again. The last relationship I was in ended because I gave too much too soon. I let my guard down, and when things didn’t work out, I felt like I had nothing left. I’ve been afraid of putting myself in that position again, but with Chris, it’s different.

Sometimes I wonder if he feels the same way. We’ve had some deep conversations, but there’s this barrier between us, this unspoken fear of taking the next step. I’m not sure what’s holding him back, but I can’t help but think about it. Maybe he’s scared, too. Maybe he’s just as unsure as I am, and that’s why we keep dancing around what’s happening between us.

I don’t want to push him away, but I also don’t want to get too attached if he’s not on the same page. I think he likes me, but I can’t help but wonder if he’s holding back for the same reasons I am. I keep telling myself that if we’re meant to be together, it’ll happen. But the truth is, I’m not sure if I’m ready to take that risk again. I’ve worked so hard to get to where I am in my life, and I don’t want to lose myself in someone else. But when I’m with Chris, I feel like I can finally let go and just be myself.

We’ve planned a weekend getaway together this week, and I’m nervous. I’m nervous because it could either make or break things. I want it to be a chance for us to figure things out, but I’m also afraid of what might happen. What if we’re just not meant to be? What if this is all in my head, and I’ve been overthinking everything? But then again, maybe it’s time to let go of the fear and just enjoy the moment. Maybe this is the time to take that leap, even if I’m not sure where it’s going.

I just wish I could be certain.